--- PAGE 1 ---

BE.
 DESIGN 
AMBASSADOR
DESGIGN PROCESS & ACHIEVEMENT

--- PAGE 2 ---

INTERIORS
STYLING
PRODUCT DESIGN
RESEARCH
BE. is a design agency based in Florence, founded by 
Barbara Benini and Eleonora Franchi.
Our focus is interior design and styling, product design, 
art and research. Our approach is conceptual and 
eclectic while the feeling and the attention to detail are 
the determining factor of our work. 
We are attracted by the emotional side of design in a 
way that brings an expressive and seductive power to 
spaces. We focus on the mood and the connections 
among their pulsing creative energy. 
DESGIGN PROCESS 
& ACHIEVEMENTS

--- PAGE 3 ---

FRONT ELEVATION SIDE
Design, creations and assembly of some furnishing of an apartment 
located in an ancient palazzo in Prato, completely renovated in 2019.
Left: Laquered ribbed wood console with brass details. Above: laquered 
ribbed wood radiator cover with brass details.
.
 , 
 .
Project
ONE

--- PAGE 4 ---

The dining-room, furished with 
old berber carpets, a pair of 
mid-century rosewood sideboards
vintage chairs and a contemporary 
B&B Italia table, is divided from 
the kitchen by a custom large steel
and glass door. Left: The living-
room, with an eclectic style as well.
Opposite: Another glimpse of the 
living-room, another dining area 
with mid-century table and chairs 
and a vase-sculpture designed by 
Ettore Sottsass in the 80s, and the 
kitchen. Following pages : The 
application of plaster moldings in the
living-room and entrance hallway.
Vintage wallpaper installation on 
walls and ceiling in the bedroom.

--- PAGE 6 ---

Project
TWO

--- PAGE 7 ---

Renovation project of an aparment 
located in an ancient palazzo.
The focus is preserving its heritage 
and the charme of the past feel 
while turning it into contemporary 
living. The goal is a harmonious 
layered style, eclectic, vibrant and 
fascinating vibe. Drawings and 
Elevations of the spaces, with the 
finishings details: Versailles parquet 
floor, moldings and plaster frames 
on walls and ceiling, lime-plaster 
and lime-wash finishes, brass 
accents and hand-painted 
chinoserie pattern, typical of the 
early 1900s in the dining room, 
reminding a secret garden vibe.

--- PAGE 10 ---

Interior design, custom furnishings and 
installation of an early 20th century 
townhouse in Prato. Opposite: The 
dining-room overlooks the garden 
through a large floor-to-ceiling door 
window. All the architectural decoration
has been redesigned and created, 
since this radical renovation and the 
former not-so-suitable refurbishing 
involved the loss of the heritage of 
the building. French-herringbone 
oak parquet floor, plaster moldings
on walls and ceiling, and made-to- 
design statuary marble fireplace 
seem to have always been there. 
The furniture is eclectic: 60s Saarinen 
Tulip table and chairs, a 70s brass 
and glass coffetable, a 80s floor 
lamp and a brutalist bronze sculpture.
Above-Right: In the living-room, the
off-white walls and celing, decorated 
with plaster frames, are the background 
for the Living Divani sofa, Flos Aco floor 
lamp and a Gae Aulenti coffetable. 
Project
THREE

--- PAGE 12 ---

The built-in wardrobe at the entrance hall hides the two doors through the plaster moldings 
that recall the ones of the frontal wall. Right: The second area of the entrance hall with 
the stairsway leading to the upper floors: a brightly colored abstract artwork breaks 
up the monochrome off-white of the walls. A glimpse of the living-room that overlooks 
thestaircase area, where a brutalist sculpture stands out. Previous page: The living-room 
and the 50s Danish sideboard in the dininig area, with a vintage Artemide Chimera 
table-lampe.

--- PAGE 13 ---

Another view of the stairway area with the plaster moldings on the ceiling 
and walls, and an old cast iron radiator. The contemporary bold artworks 
give a different twist to the classicism of this architectural setting. Right: 
A detail of the statuary marble gas-fireplace, with a mirror above it, set in 
the molding. The installation of the plaster moldings. A detail of a plaster 
molded frame and a 50s vintage wall clock, deigned by George Nelson.

--- PAGE 14 ---

Project
FOUR
Renovation project of a country house in Fiesole. Above: Outdoor front entrance elevation, outdoor view elevations with the plunge-pool glass-wall to keep the view while seating

--- PAGE 15 ---

Night hallway and masterbedroom ensuite 
drawings. Bathroom installation Opposite : 
Masterbedroom ensuite construction just
completed. Throughout the house, walls, 
ceilings and floors are finished with lime, 
even some doors and custom furniture.

--- PAGE 17 ---

Furniture design, creations and assembly of an apartment located in Florence, 
totally renovated in 2020. Above: Glossy laquered wood and steel dining table. 
Right: The project of the kitchen area and the assembly of the kitchen island. 
Project
FIVE

--- PAGE 18 ---

70’s inspired modular sofa 
Brass-covered intrados during the installation of the 
furniture. Right: A detail of the custom sideboard
in ribbed laquered wood and brass accents, with 
emperador marble top, such as the kitchen island.
The living area of the house is fineshed with 
lime plaster, both walls and ceiling, creating a 
rendered effect: the result is smooth but textural. 
Opposite : The picture of an element of the green 
mint modular sofa, inspired by the 70s design, 
with suede upholstery and black laquered wood 
base.

--- PAGE 19 ---

The modular green-mint sofas set in the living 
room. Below-Beside: The walnut two-panels 
sliding door, leading to the study. Opposite: 
The entrance hallway with a pair of custom 
brass wall lamps; two vintage Flos Foglia 
sconces, floor and stairs in warm light tones 
microcement.

--- PAGE 20 ---

Ribbed walnut vanity -with travertine countertop 
and washbasin - assembly in the bathroom; tra -
vertine marble walls and floor and satin rose gold 
taps. Opposite: In the study-room a vintage light
installation, a 70s leather sofa and a detail of 
a Serge Mouille three arms ceiling lamp. 
 .

--- PAGE 21 ---

Furniture design and creations of an apartment located at an ancient palazzo in Florence, completely 
renovated in 2020. Above: The storage cabinet was designed to look like an old arched door. 
.
Left: The drawing of the doors of
the wall cabinet that looks like an 
old door, with aged mirror.
Below: A detail of the doors, made
of hand-laquered wood with aged 
mirrors and antique brass knob.
The wall with the arched niche,
before the assembly of the cabinet. 
Project
SIX

--- PAGE 22 ---

In the masterbedroom the bed has 
three asymetrical trasparent glass legs 
with a hanging effect. Right: A detail of 
the left nightstand that is nothing more 
than a folded burnished brass sheet 
fixed to the wall with brass bolts, which 
add an industrial chic twist. Opposite: 
The wood beside-cabinet with a glossy 
laquered finishing has two square-
shaped drawers, while the profile 
separeting them and the base with 
gentle curves, made by burnished 
brass.

--- PAGE 23 ---

Opposite: The wardrobe in the 
masterbedroom is framless floor 
to ceiling and is rendered in the 
same stucco finishes as the walls, 
while the hand-made brass door 
handles are unique pieces, 
reminding of the brutalist artworks.
The steel staircase leading to the 
mezzanine is finished in microresina 
and the handrail has brass accents. 
Right: The sliding doors wardrobe 
in the hallway is covered with 
smoked mirrors and brass profiles. 
Below: A detail of the burnished 
brass profile that also works as
handle.

--- PAGE 24 ---

In the living room, the custom suede-upholstered sofa has changing natural tones, 
as well as the lime- washed walls. Opposite : The hanging sideboard has a ribbed 
design, with four framless drawers and the off-white hand laquered finish makes it 
one with the walls. A detail and the drawing of the sideboard. 
.
 ,

--- PAGE 25 ---

The dining area and the kitchen 
overlook the stunning landscape- 
hills surrounding the historic centre 
of Florence. Below: Two details of 
the kitchen. Opposite: The walls and 
ceiling in grey-tone lime-plaster 
finish, recalling the smoked mirror 
wardrobe in the beside night 
hallway, create a visual symmetry.

--- PAGE 27 ---

In the upstairs turret, the fireplace 
and the furnishings are all custom.
The fireplace marble frame was 
designed taking inspiration from 
the remains of the old one, once 
standing in another room of the 
apartment in this historical palazzo.
The 70’s inspired modular sofa and
angular armchair are upholstered 
in velvet. The modular bar cabinets
is finished in off-white glossy laquer.
with brass profiles. Opposite: The 
drawing and details of the bar 
cabinets, working also as side-tables.

--- PAGE 28 ---

Project
SEVEN Interior design, custom furnishings and 
their installation of an early 20th 
century villa in Prato. Opposite : A 
detail of the living room furnished with 
a small table- made of a vintage 
Romeo Rega brass base with a 
tailored wood top in glossy black 
laquer and covered with a burnished 
square brass sheet- a pair of stools,
upholstered in green bouclé wool, a
three arms mid-century floor lamp
and an old berber carpet. Two 
molded plaster frames, that cover 
all the walls, include two brass edged 
mirrors. Below: Another view of the 
large living-room furnished with two 
off-white sofa and a pair of mid- 
century Osvaldo Borsani armchairs,
a black and white Beni Ourain old
large carpet and pair of custom 70s 
inspired console in brass and fumè
glass. The artwork made of three 
paintings, already owned by the 
customers, has been set, enhanced
by modern gold frames.

--- PAGE 29 ---

The large entrance hall, furnished 
a with a pair of brass and marble 
hanging console tables and two 
abstract paintings. Opposite : The 
drawing of the wall in the hallway 
leading to the dining-room and the 
drawing of the dining table. On the 
right, the custom table with a black 
glass top and the detail of the70s 
inspired base, made of brass and steel.
Following pages: Bedroom reference: 
moldings and plaster frames and 
grasscloth wallcovering, bedroom 
and living-room elevations and 
plaster moldings installation.

--- PAGE 31 ---

BE.DESIGN AMBASSADOR srls
Via Adriano Cecchi, 30 59100 Prato (PO)
www.be-designambassador.com
info@be-designambassador.com
tel. 335 6181701 - 3357769855
P .I. 02478720978
C.F . 02478720978